You are the boss of them, right?
Why did you come to steal my fish?
This fish pond belongs to Xie Meng's family
He's been dead for four years
I'm fine by the way to help him clean up this fish pond
What if he was still alive
Hey, you should thank me.
I am Xie's wife
No matter whether Xie lives or dies, it belongs to my family
Please leave quickly
Or I'll call the police.
Hmph, who did I say?
Aren't you the widow of the guest death Xie family?
Give me back my phone
I'll be honest with you.
It's not the first time we've come here to fish
You have to push again
I threw your phone directly into the water
Put the phone down
I said who?
It's you boy
Someone offered me to lend you an arm
up
Do him
Cut off his arm?
Don't cut too much
Others didn't pay
We have to be professional